TELCODOCS-1017: Image registry and image source policy setup in disco… (#53711)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-acm-installing-disconnected-rhacm.adoc

* You have logged in as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

* You have configured a disconnected mirror registry for use in the cluster.
+
[NOTE]
====

> The disconnected mirror registry that you create must contain an image version that matches the version of {cgu-operator-first} running in the hub cluster. The disconnected mirror registry that you specify must be accessible from the spoke cluster.

Reviewer: I think this needs a bit more context. The images specified here are the precaching and backup job images. Something like this perhaps?
```suggestion
The disconnected mirror registry that you create must contain a version of TALM backup and precache images that match the version of {cgu-operator-first} running in the hub cluster. The spoke cluster must be able to resolve these images in the disconnected mirror registry.
```

Author: ok. have changed accordingly
